Clarify retype behavior in untyped tutorial (#65)
seL4/sel4-tutorials: tutorials/untyped/untyped.md

### Retyping

Untyped capabilities have a single invocation: [seL4_Untyped_Retype](https://docs.sel4.systems/ApiDoc.html#retype)
which is used to create a new capability to a new object. The new object is a subset of the memory range granted
by the original untyped and has a specific type. The new capability allows access to this object and is stored
in an empty slot in an existing CNode. New capabilities created by retyping an untyped object are referred to as

> *children* of that untyped object.

Reviewer: This is the main part that is problematic. The thing the previous text was trying to avoid to talk about was that there are different kinds of capabilities:
- caps that do not point to memory objects (like `IRQControl`)
- caps that *do* point  to memory objects
- untyped caps, that are responsible for memory ranges and allocation from those

Maybe we should just be explicit about that. The `retype` operation deals with the latter two types of capabilities. For object capabilities it creates new objects and new caps to them. For untyped capabilities, it creates new sub-untypeds that intended for delegating authority to parts of the memory region and allocating from there independently.

Author: Yes, I think being explicit about it either creating an object or dividing up the untyped range is a good idea.

I think the most confusing part of the original text is "...which is used to create a new capability from an untyped". To me the important thing that retype does is creating the object, not the capability, except as you pointed out when making sub-untypeds.

#### Num_caps

> The retype invocation can be used to create more than one object at a time -- the amount of objects is specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The retype invocation can be used to create more than one capability (and potentially object) at a time -- the number of objects is specified
```
